Little Brick Blackbird

medium

# DOS when calling executeTransaction()


## Summary
In TelcoinDistributor.sol, a legitimate proposer can intentionally cause their proposal to fail, leading to a Denial-of-Service vulnerability upon calling the executeTransaction() function.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a council member attempts to propose a new transaction, they can specify an array of amounts (uint256[] memory amounts) and a totalWithdrawal. However, if the amounts do not match the totalWithdrawal, the execution of the proposal will result in a revert.

Let's explain the PoC below to demonstrate this issue: 

A council member wants to make a valid proposal to send 1000 Telcoin, divided into two destinations—his address and another charity address, subsequently sending 200 to himself and 700 to the charity. 
In this case, upon proposing the transaction, there is no revert, indicating that the amounts to send need to match the totalWithdrawal. And, upon execution, the user might believe everything is in order after the challenge period, but the transaction will eventually revert with the message "TelcoinDistributor: must not have leftovers."
This occurs because we sent 1000 tokens from the owner to this contract, but only 900 tokens were transferred to the destinations.

Add this test in TelcoinDistributor.test.ts
```typescript
    describe("user prposal cant be executed", () => {
        it('proposal is proposed but cant be executed', async () => {                
                 await telcoin.connect(owner).approve(telcoinDistributor.getAddress(), 100000000000000)
                 const totalWithdrawl = 1000;
                 const destinations = [proposer.address,other.address];
                 const amounts = [200,700];
                 await expect(telcoinDistributor.connect(proposer).proposeTransaction(totalWithdrawl, destinations, amounts)).to.emit(telcoinDistributor, "TransactionProposed");
                 await advanceTime(100); 
                   await telcoinDistributor.connect(proposer).executeTransaction(0);                          
              });
              });
```

## Impact
The vulnerability results in a Denial-of-Service (DOS) on the user's proposal, necessitating the creation of a new proposal and awaiting the challenge period. Therefore, I am categorizing this issue as medium severity and leaving it to the judge to decide.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/protocol/core/TelcoinDistributor.sol#L87-L106

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I suggest looping through the array of amounts in the proposeTransaction() declaration and comparing it to the totalWithdrawal. If they are not equal, consider triggering a revert to handle the mismatch.This code, is not optimized for gas efficiency, serves as a guideline for the protocol on implementing the check.
```solidity
        uint256 calculatedTotal = 0;
        // Iterate over the amounts array and calculate the total
        for (uint256 i = 0; i < amounts.length; i++) {
            calculatedTotal += amounts[i];
        }

        // Check if the calculated total is equal to the provided totalWithdrawl
        require(calculatedTotal == totalWithdrawl," Sum of Amounts should be equal to totalWithdrawl");
```