Muscular Walnut Robin

medium

# `challengeTransaction()` should be callable when the protocol is paused

## Summary
The function `challengeTransaction()` in `TelcoinDistributor.sol` should be callable when the protocol is paused.

## Vulnerability Detail
The pause functionality in `TelcoinDistributor.sol` is used during emergencies. During an emergency it should be possible for council members to call the function `challengeTransaction()` to reject the execution of malicious proposed transactions.

Let's suppose `TelcoinDistributor.sol` has to be paused, the owner calls the `pause()` function. It's possible that, either accidentally or purposefully, a new malicious transaction is proposed via `proposeTransaction()` that gets executed right before the contract is paused. In this state there is a timeframe where the new proposed transaction should be challenged but it's not possible to do so.

If the contract stays paused for more than `challengePeriod` as soon as the contract is unpaused the malicious transaction can be executed via `executeTransaction()`.

## Impact

Funds might be stolen by a council member and/or further measures are required to prevent the execution of the malicious transaction (ex. remove the malicious council member and hope the others won't execute the function).

## Code Snippet

- [challengeTransaction()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/protocol/core/TelcoinDistributor.sol#L117)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Remove the `whenNotPaused` modifier from `challengeTransaction()`.
