Joyful Pine Mockingbird

medium

# TelcoinDistributor.sol#proposeTransaction() - block-stuffing could allow unfair execution of proposals

## Summary
The TelcoinDistributor contract allows for the proposals, execution and challenging(cancellation) of transactions, provided a challenge period that must pass before the execution can take place. Several factors could allow a user to use block-stuffing to cheaply pass his challenge period and execute any proposal with arbitrary parameters.

## Vulnerability Detail
There are several factors to this issue:
1. Lack of input validation for proposals. It does not check whether the receiving addresses are 0, the amounts are 0, if the sum of the amounts match the totalWithdrawal or the array lengths match. All of this is possibly done by design, based on the assumption that community would always challenge propositions with such unfavorable parameters.
2. Polygon deployment makes transactions extremely cheap. Anything between 30-300 or at top 500 gwei cost (depending on netwoek congestion), meaning average gas price of ~0.0008$ at max per txn. Blocks on polygon as of the time of writing are 2-4 seconds and average 100 transactions (50-150 so the median). So to fill up 3 seconds (1 average block) with transactions you would need 0.08 usd.
3. Lastly, the test file specifies a challenge period of 60 seconds. For the sake of maths, I will provide calculations with different parameters(taking only the highest gas prices on Polygon, in a non-congested network these could be twice less):
To block-stuff for 60 seconds on Polygon you would need 1.6$
For 10 minutes 16$, an hour is less than 100$, for days it goes in the thousands.

Thus meaning that a malicious council member could craft any parameters he likes and block-stuff the entire challenge period in order to make sure his no-input-validation proposal passes through. Depending on the intention of the proposal, like to burn funds to address 0, transfer himself funds from the owner() or craft the proposal parameters in some other way, an attacker can either grief or try to take profit for himself out of the ``owner()``.

A counter-argument to my statements could be that even if he cannot be challenged, his council membership can be revoked by the community, but that's not the case since:
1. If he stuffs the blocks, the transaction could be too late
2. Even if it passes, he can always front-run and transfer his membership NFT to another address and execute the proposal from there.

## Impact
No input validation could leave to malicious proposals passing unfairly

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/protocol/core/TelcoinDistributor.sol#L87-L106
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/protocol/core/TelcoinDistributor.sol#L152-L156
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/protocol/core/TelcoinDistributor.sol#L185-L203

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
A minimum challenge duration of at least a day should be set in place to avoid errors either during initialization or during a later change of period. 
Sufficient input validation for the proposal parameters like the destination addresses, the amounts and the lengths of the arrays.
Optionally, configure the ``executeTransaction`` such that only the sender of the proposal can execute the transaction.
