Muscular Walnut Robin

high

# The `burn()` function logic in `CouncilMember.sol` will prevent some council member from claiming their tokens

## Summary

The `burn()` function in `CouncilMember.sol` will change the `balances` array in unexpected ways causing some council members to not be able to claim their `TELCOIN` tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function `burn()` is implemented in the following way:

```solidity
function burn(uint256 tokenId, address recipient) external onlyRole(GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE) {
    //...SNIP...
    uint256 balance = balances[balances.length - 1];
    balances[tokenId] = balance;
    balances.pop();
    //...SNIP...
}
```

The idea behind this is to swap the last index of the `balances` array with the index of the NFT that's being removed, this allows to delete an element in O(1) time but is incompatible with the architecture of the contract.

The function `claim()` assumes the amount of `TELCOIN` an NFT with id `tokenId` is entitled to claim to always be stored at `balances[tokenId]`, but the `burn()` functions swaps around the values in `balances` causing unexpected behaviour.

Let's suppose Alice, Bob and Charlie have one NFT each with respective IDs 0, 1, 2 and the `balances` array is `[1000,2000,3000]`.

An admin wants to burn Bob NFT and calls `burn(1)`:
```solidity
uint256 balance = balances[balances.length - 1]; //balance = 3000
balances[tokenId] = balance; //balances[1] = 3000
balances.pop(); //balances = [1000,3000]
```

If Charlie tries to claim his tokens via `claim(2)` the function will revert because the element `2` does not exist in the `balances` array. This can be further messed up if new NFT tokens are minted or burned.

## Impact

Council members might not be able to withdraw their tokens or they might withdraw somebody else's tokens.

## Code Snippet
 - [burn()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L210-L221)
## POC
To copy in `CouncilMember.test.ts`:
```solidity
describe.only("burn logic is wrong", () => {
  it("claim reverts", async () => {
    await expect(councilMember.mint(member.address)).to.not.reverted;
    await expect(councilMember.mint(support.address)).to.not.reverted;
    await expect(councilMember.mint(holder.address)).to.not.reverted;

    await expect(councilMember.burn(1, support.address)).to.not.reverted;

    await expect(councilMember.connect(holder).claim(2, 100)).to.not
      .reverted;
  });
});
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

A solution would be to replace the `balances` array with a mapping, but this would require further changes in other functions.

An idea that could work with the current structure but it's a bit hacky is to `burn` the last NFT minted and `transfer` the NFT being burned to owner of the NFT that got burned. Following the example above:
- Burn Charlie NFT
- Transfer Bob NFT to Charlie