Alert Quartz Cottonmouth

medium

# Minting a new council member NFT will not work after burning one

## Summary

When a Council member NFT is burned and its id is not the last, minting new Council member NFTs will not work. 

## Vulnerability Detail

When the admin burns a Council member NFT this decreases the `totalSupply` and if the token that was burned wasnt the token with the last id, minting new tokens will not work.

For example we have 3 tokens and the first one is being burned. The totalSupply is now 2, the admin then decides that he wants to mint a new council member NFT so he calls `mint()` which will call `_mint(newMember, 2);` but because the token with id 2 already exists this will cause the transaction to revert and the admin wont be able to mint a new NFT. 

## Impact

The admin will fail to add new council members because the `mint()` function will always revert. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/0954297f4fefac82d45a79c73f3a4b8eb25f10e9/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L181

```solidity
_mint(newMember, totalSupply());

```
As you can see `totalSupply()` is being used when minting, this will be a problem after a token is burned and the supply decreases. 

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

One way to fix this would be to burn the last token id, and transfer the token that is being burned to the owner of the last token id. Because the last token id is burned, the admin will then be able to mint it again. 
