Tiny Aqua Troll

high

# Balance array misalignment and DoS on the next mint after calling CouncilMember.burn()

## Summary
The `CouncilMember` contract, an implementation of ERC721, demonstrates a potential vulnerability in the management of token balances corresponding to token IDs. Specifically, the issue arises in the `burn` function, where the burning of a council member NFT can lead to a misalignment between the token IDs and their associated `balances` in the balances array. This misalignment could potentially cause out-of-bounds access in the `claim` function and incorrect token ID assignments in the `mint` function.

## Vulnerability Detail
The contract maintains an array `balances`, where each index corresponds to a token ID that begins with `0`, storing the balance of TELCOIN associated with that token. The problem arises when a token is burned, and its balance is reassigned the balance of the last token ID, followed by a reduction in the balances array size. This process creates a discrepancy between the existing token IDs and their corresponding indices in the `balances` array. 

Let's say we have 10 NFT tokens with IDs 0, 1, 2, ... , 9 minted where `totalSupply() == 10`. Burning token ID 1 will first have balances[1] withdrawn before having balances[9] assigned to balances[1]. 

```solidity
    function burn(
        uint256 tokenId,
        address recipient
    ) external onlyRole(GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE) {
        require(totalSupply() > 1, "CouncilMember: must maintain council");
        _retrieve();
        _withdrawAll(recipient, tokenId);

        uint256 balance = balances[balances.length - 1];
        balances[tokenId] = balance;
        balances.pop();
        _burn(tokenId);
    }
```
When the owner of token ID 9 call `claim()`, `amount <= balances[tokenId]` is going to revert because you are trying to access an out of bound array element, i.e. `balances[9]` that has already been popped.

```solidity
         require(
            amount <= balances[tokenId],
            "CouncilMember: withdrawal amount is higher than balance"
        ); 
```
Additionally, minting a new token after burning an old one could lead to the reuse of a previously assigned token ID, causing further inconsistency. This is because `totalSupply() == 9` after burning token ID 1, and you are attempting to mint token ID 9 that already exists.

```solidity
    function mint(
        address newMember
    ) external onlyRole(GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE) {
        if (totalSupply() != 0) {
            _retrieve();
        }

        balances.push(0);
        _mint(newMember, totalSupply());
    }
```
## Impact
The primary impact is the potential for out-of-bounds access in the `claim` function, which could result in transaction reverts when users attempt to claim TELCOIN for certain token IDs. Moreover, the reuse of token IDs in the `mint` function might cause confusion and inconsistency in the tracking of token ownership and balances. This misalignment poses a risk to the contract's reliability and the integrity of token management, potentially leading to loss of funds to the NFT owner and misfiring of the minting process.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L210-L222
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L102-L105
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L173-L182

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In the example given above, consider reminting the burned token ID 1 to the owner of the last token and then burning the last token ID, i.e. 9. That way, token ID 9 is freed up. This will ensure continuous token IDs minting while aligning the balances array with the increasingly counting `totalSupply()`. Nevertheless, the original owner of the last token ID 9 will need to be aware he/she now owns the burned/reminted token ID 1. 
