Fun Saffron Bison

medium

# Council Member may lose tokens if not meant to receive ERC721 tokens.

## Summary
The `CouncilMember::removeFromOffice()` function replaces an existing council member with a new one and withdraws the former member's TELCOIN allocation. Although the function includes the transfer of an NFT, it lacks certain necessary checks.
## Vulnerability Detail
Following the distribution and withdrawal of tokens to the recipient, the function proceeds to transfer the "Membership" NFT token from one address to another. This transfer is executed using the `ERC721Upgradeable.sol::_transfer()` function. It's important to note that [OpenZeppelin’s documentation](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/token/erc721#IERC721-transferFrom-address-address-uint256-) advises against using `transferFrom()` and recommends using `safeTransferFrom()` whenever possible. The vulnerability lies in the fact that the function uses `transferFrom()` instead of the safer alternative.

The potential risk arises from the fact that the recipient might have specific logic within the `onERC721Received()` function, which is exclusively triggered in the `safeTransferFrom()` function, but not in `transferFrom()`.


## Impact
While the likelihood of this vulnerability being exploited is low, as the recipient is typically the function caller, there exists a potential risk of losing NFTs if the recipient is unable to appropriately handle the ERC721 tokens sent to them.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L133
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use safeTransferFrom() instead of transferFrom() for outgoing erc721 transfers
```diff
 function removeFromOffice(
     address from,
     address to,
     uint256 tokenId,
     address rewardRecipient
 ) external onlyRole(GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE) {
     // Retrieve and distribute any pending TELCOIN for all council members
     _retrieve();
     // Withdraw all the TELCOIN rewards for the specified token to the rewardRecipient
     _withdrawAll(rewardRecipient, tokenId);
-    // Transfer the token (representing the council membership) from one address to another
-    _transfer(from, to, tokenId);
+    // Safe transfer the token (representing the council membership) from one address to another
+    _safeTransfer(from, to, tokenId);
 }
```