Expert Midnight Rat

medium

# The current burning logic is flawed

## Summary

The `burn()` function in the CouncilMember contract has wrong logic, leaving the last NFT owner without access to its rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

In order to burn Council NFTs, the `burn()` function in the Council Member contract is used. This function contains a bug:

```solidity
// CouncilMember.sol

function burn(
        uint256 tokenId,
        address recipient
    ) external onlyRole(GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE) {
        
				...

        uint256 balance = balances[balances.length - 1];
        balances[tokenId] = balance; 
        balances.pop();
        _burn(tokenId);
    }
```

The previous code snippet has been reduced to show the exact part where `burn()` implements a wrong logic that will make the owner of the last minted token ID unable to access its NFT and capabilities (such as claiming their entitled rewards). 

As we can see in the code snippet, the `burn()` function will

1. Fetch the balance of the last tokenID stored in the `balances` array
2. Set such balance to the position of the `tokenId` that we’re currently burning (in `balances[tokenId]`)
3. Pop the last item in the `balances` array

This logic improperly removes the `balances` stored for the latest token ID, instead of actually removing the balance of the NFT that is currently being burnt. 

Consider the following example, where 4 tokens have been minted with tokenId 0, 1, 2 and 3. All of them have a balance in the `balances` array:

```txt
tokenId 0 ---> balances[0] => 1 TELCOIN
tokenId 1 ---> balances[1] => 20 TELCOIN     
tokenId 2 ---> balances[2] => 1.6 TELCOIN
tokenId 3 ---> balances[3] => 2.8 TELCOIN  
```

Let’s say that now we want to burn the NFT with token ID 1:

```txt
tokenId 0 ---> balances[0] => 1 TELCOIN
tokenId 1 ---> balances[1] => 20 TELCOIN    <--- token to burn
tokenId 2 ---> balances[2] => 1.6 TELCOIN
tokenId 3 ---> balances[3] => 2.8 TELCOIN  
```

With the current logic:

1. `balance` will store `balances[balances.length - 1]` , which is the last token Id’s balance (2.8 TELCOIN)
2. `balances[1]` will be updated to store the value saved in the `balance` variable (2.8 TELCOIN). 
3. Finally, the last element in `balances` will be popped, making position 3 in the `balances` array not exist, and preventing the owner of tokenID 3 to never be able to access its token balance:

```txt
After burning:
tokenId 0 ---> balances[0] => 1 TELCOIN
tokenId 1 ---> balances[1] => 2.8 TELCOIN  <--- (burnt)  
tokenId 2 ---> balances[2] => 1.6 TELCOIN
tokenId 3 ---> balances[3] => ?            <--- just popped
```

Because `balances` positions are expected to be “linked” to the tokenId number, burning an NFT will lead all the subsequent NFT mintings to work improperly. 

Following the previous example, if a new NFT with tokenID 4 is minted, a new element will be pushed to the `balances` array. However, the balances array only had three elements due to burning tokenID 1, so the new item pushed to the `balances` array will be stored in position 3 of the array. At this point, owner of tokenID 3 will regain access to the `balances[3]` position, but the new owner of tokenID 4 will not have a position in the `balances` array.

## Impact

Medium. Balances of the last tokenID will be completely lost and unaccessible.

## Proof of concept

The following proof of concept shows how the previous vulnerability affects any interaction with the `balances` array. In order to run it, add the following snippet of code in the `CouncilMember.test.ts` file, and execute the following command: `npx hardhat test test/sablier/CouncilMember.test.ts --grep Vulnerability` 

```tsx
it("Vulnerability: burning prevents last tokenID owner to interact with the contract ", async () => {
		// Step 1: Burn tokenId with ID 1
		await expect(councilMember.burn(1, support.address)).emit(councilMember, "Transfer");
		// Step 2: Verify that even that tokenId 1 was burnt, tokenId 2 still exists and has an owner
		const tokenIdTwoOwner = await councilMember.ownerOf(2);
		await expect(tokenIdTwoOwner).to.be.equal(await stream.getAddress())
		// Step 3: The vulnerability prevents any access to the last position from succeeding due to being out of bounds
		// for the last tokenId
		await expect(councilMember.balances(2)).to.be.revertedWithoutReason();
    });
```

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L218-L220

## Tool used

Manual Review, hardhat

## Recommendation

Currently, the protocol expects tokenIds to be bound to a position in the balances array due to how _retrieve() distributes the stream’s funds among users.  It is encouraged to rethink the approach by which balances are tracked so that such issue doesn’t arise when burning, and the corresponding balances for each holder are not affected by reducing the balances array. 
