Alert Quartz Cottonmouth

high

# The CouncilMember contract will be completely broken because the Sablier stream reverts when withdrawing 0 amounts

## Summary

If  `withdrawMax()` is called and the withdrawable amount is 0 the Sablier contract will revert. This will DOS most functions in `CouncilMember.sol` because `_retrieve()` is sometimes called 2 times(for example in `burn()`, it gets called in `update()` the second time) and the withdrawable amount will be 0 once `_retrieve()` is called the second time.

## Vulnerability Detail

If  `withdrawMax()` in the Sablier contract is called and the withdrawable amount is 0 the call will revert because there is a 0 amount check. See [here](https://etherscan.io/address/0xAFb979d9afAd1aD27C5eFf4E27226E3AB9e5dCC9#code#F6#L270).

This will be a big problem for:

1. Functions where `_retrieve()` is called 2 times - `mint()`,`burn()` and `removeFromOffice()`. `_retrieve()` is first called in the function and then its called the second time in `ERC721.update()` which will fail because we already withdrew the max . This applies to any stream types

2. Dynamic stream types for example vesting with periodic unlocks where the withdrawable amount will be 0 for some time. 


This will completely break the contract and `mint()`,`burn()` and `removeFromOffice()` will be DoSed right after the first mint. If a  stream is used where the withdrawable amount is 0 for some time, council members will be unable to claim their allocated amounts because withdrawing 0 will revert so calling `claim()` will fail.


## Impact

The contract will be completely unusable and council member can fail to receive their allocated amounts of TEL.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-core/blob/b0016437ef3cc8606e1100965dd911d7e658b40b/src/abstracts/SablierV2Lockup.sol#L270

```solidity
270:  if (amount == 0) {
271:        revert Errors.SablierV2Lockup_WithdrawAmountZero(streamId);
272:  }

```

As you can see in the Sablier contracts when `withdrawMax()` is called and the amount is 0, the tx reverts. 

When we call [`mint()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/0954297f4fefac82d45a79c73f3a4b8eb25f10e9/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L177), `_retrieve()` is first called in the function and then `_mint()` calls `_update()`

```solidity
function mint(
        address newMember
    ) external onlyRole(GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE) {
        if (totalSupply() != 0) {
            _retrieve();
        }

        balances.push(0);
        _mint(newMember, totalSupply());
    }

```

[ `_update()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/0954297f4fefac82d45a79c73f3a4b8eb25f10e9/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L321) will then call `_retrieve()` again but this time the withdrawable amount will be 0 and the tx will revert. 

```solidity
function _update(
        address to,
        uint256 tokenId,
        address auth
    ) internal override returns (address) {
        if (totalSupply() != 0) {
            _retrieve();
        }

        return super._update(to, tokenId, auth);
    }

```


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Before calling withdraw check if the withdrawable amount is 0. 

```solidity
if(sablier.withdrawableAmountOf(_id) > 0) {
    // Execute the withdrawal from the _target, which might be a Sablier stream or another protocol
    _stream.execute(
    ...
}

```
