Melted Pistachio Dalmatian

high

# `CouncilMember._retrieve()` will revert due to improper use of the `_target` variable.

## Summary
During the execution of `CouncilMember._retrieve()`, the `_target` address variable is employed twice. Initially, it is used as an argument for `PRBProxy.execute()`, and subsequently, it is utilized in `abi.encodeWithSelector` to generate the necessary calldata for invoking `SablierV2ProxyTarget.withdrawMax()`. However, these two usages require distinct `_target` addresses since they correspond to calls targeting different contracts. Due to this mismatch, all calls to `CouncilMember._retrieve()` will revert, affecting most of the `CouncilMember` functionality.

## Vulnerability Detail
When `CouncilMember._retrieve()` is being executed, it first calls [`PRBProxy.execute(address target, bytes calldata data)`](https://github.com/PaulRBerg/prb-proxy/blob/fa13cf09fbf544a2d575b45884b8e94a79a02c06/src/PRBProxy.sol#L90-L101). The first argument is the address of the contract to which `PRBProxy` will `delegatecall`. For `CouncilMember._retrieve()`, this target address should be the `SablierV2ProxyTarget` contract address.

Subsequently, it uses `abi.encodeWithSelector` to generate the calldata for calling `SablierV2ProxyTarget.withdrawMax()`. However, from the [`SablierV2ProxyTarget` implementation](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-periphery/blob/0004fd2e61e032df3d895045ec414ecb212ddcc8/src/abstracts/SablierV2ProxyTarget.sol#L141-L143) (shown below), it is evident that the target argument should be the address of the `SablierV2Lockup` contract.

```solidity
function withdrawMax(ISablierV2Lockup lockup, uint256 streamId, address to) external        onlyDelegateCall {
    lockup.withdrawMax(streamId, to);
}
```

As described earlier, `CouncilMember._retrieve()` employs the same `_target` address for both `PRBProxy.execute()` and `SablierV2ProxyTarget.withdrawMax()`. However, this is not correct, as the target argument for `PRBProxy.execute()` must be the address for the `SablierV2ProxyTarget`, whereas the target argument for `SablierV2ProxyTarget` must be the address for the `SablierV2Lockup` (the actual stream). Consequently, `execute()` will always revert, either because it attempts to call the non-existent `withdrawMax(ISablierV2Lockup lockup, uint256 streamId, address to)` selector in `SablierV2Lockup` or the non-existent `withdrawMax(uint256 streamId, address to)` selector in the `SablierV2ProxyTarget` contract.

The test suite does not encounter this issue because it employs a mock contract instead of actual implementations of `PRBProxy` and `SablierV2ProxyTarget`.

It's important to note that fixing this issue on the current version of `CouncilMember` is not possible by simply changing the `_target` variable, as one variable cannot suffice for the two different addresses needed.

## Impact
All calls to `CouncilMember._retrive()` will revert. As a consequence it will be impossible to call `CouncilMember.claim()`, `CouncilMember.mint()`, `CouncilMember.burn()` and `CouncilMember.removeFromOffice()`. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/0954297f4fefac82d45a79c73f3a4b8eb25f10e9/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L267-L295

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a new target variable to be set as the address for the `SablierV2Lockup` contract.
