Melted Pistachio Dalmatian

high

# Holder of `CouncilMember` NFT can DoS the `CouncilMember` contract.

## Summary
Because `SablierV2ProxyTarget.withdrawMax()` reverts when withdrawable tokens from the corresponding stream is zero, a malicious council member can exploit this vulnerability using `CouncilMember.retrieve()` to DoS the majority of `CouncilMember` functionalities such as `CouncilMember.claim()`, `CouncilMember.mint()`, `CouncilMember.burn()`, and `CouncilMember.removeFromOffice()`.

## Vulnerability Detail
Before any significant state changes in the `CouncilMember` contract, the internal method `_retrieve()` is called. The purpose of `_retrieve()` is to retrieve funds from the Sablier stream and distribute them among council members (holders of `CouncilMember` NFTs). To obtain the accrued funds from the stream, it utilizes the `SablierV2ProxyTarget.withdrawMax()` function, internally calling `SablierV2Lockup.withdrawMax()` and `SablierV2Lockup.withdraw()`. As the name suggests, this function withdraws all available funds from the specified stream.

If `SablierV2ProxyTarget.withdrawMax()` is called again in the same block, the amount of withdrawable tokens will be zero because of the previous call to `withdrawMax()`. However, examining the [Sablier codebase](https://github.com/sablier-labs/v2-core/blob/b0016437ef3cc8606e1100965dd911d7e658b40b/src/abstracts/SablierV2Lockup.sol#L270-L272) reveals that if `SablierV2Lockup.withdraw()` is called with `amount = 0`, the call reverts with the error `Errors.SablierV2Lockup_WithdrawAmountZero(streamId)`.

Therefore, if `CouncilMember._retrieve()` is called once in a block, withdrawing all available funds from the stream, subsequent calls to `CouncilMember._retrieve()` within the same block will result in a revert. A malicious council member can exploit this behavior to indefinitely execute a DoS attack on the majority of `CouncilMember` functionality, affecting methods such as `CouncilMember.claim()`, `CouncilMember.mint()`, `CouncilMember.burn()`, and `CouncilMember.removeFromOffice()`.

The DoS attack would proceed as follows:
1. The address with `GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE` calls `CouncilMember.removeFromOffice(...)`.
2. The malicious council member observes the transaction by `GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE` in the mempool and attempts to front-run it by calling `CouncilMember.retrieve()`.

If the front-run is successful and `retrieve()` call is executed first, the remaining funds on the stream will be zero during that block. Consequently, the transaction by `GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE` reverts due to the issues described above.

It's essential to note that the attack's cost is minimal, requiring only the gas to call the `CouncilMember.retrieve()` function. The malicious council member can repetitively execute this attack every block, continuously DoSing the `CouncilMember` contract. Even attempts by `GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE` to remove the malicious council member can be thwarted, as the attacker can also DoS their own removal.

## Impact
A malicious council member can indefinitely DoS the majority of `CouncilMember` functionality.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/0954297f4fefac82d45a79c73f3a4b8eb25f10e9/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L267-L295

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider using the `withdrawableAmountOf()` function exposed by `SablierV2Lockup` to verify if withdrawable amount is non-zero during the execution of `CouncilMember._retrieve()`. If the withdrawable amount is zero, consider bypassing the fund withdrawal process.