Rich Smoke Locust

high

# Ability to transfer burned tokens, and later blocking TimeLock contract

## Summary
There is an ability to transfer burned tokens. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The main problem is with the `_isAuthorized` function, not enough validation. 

Firstly, I will introduce the functions, and in the second part I will explain how the exploit can be performed

`CouncilMember.sol`  has a custom `approve` function, which adds an approved spender to the `_tokenApproval` mapping.
```solidity
function approve(
        address to,
        uint256 tokenId
    )
        public
        override(ERC721Upgradeable, IERC721)
        onlyRole(GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE)
    {
        _tokenApproval[tokenId] = to;
        emit Approval(ERC721Upgradeable.ownerOf(tokenId), to, tokenId);
    }
```
Then custom `_isAuthorized` function will be called if an approved spender would like to "spend" a token by calling `transferFrom` from OZ library 
```solidity
function _isAuthorized(
        address,
        address spender,
        uint256 tokenId
    ) internal view override returns (bool) {
        return (hasRole(GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE, spender) ||
            _tokenApproval[tokenId] == spender);
    }
```

### Let's discuss how it can be used to perform an exploit.
Alice - ERC721 token original holder
Bob - Ailce's friend

Step 1
Alice adds Bob to the `_tokenApproval` mapping, to allow Bob to transfer Alice's token. By calling `approve` function

Step 2
Alice to go `GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE`  role holder and asks to burn her token.
Then `GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE`  role holder calls `burn` function to withdraw all `TELCOIN`s related to the ERC721 token and send an ERC721 token to 0 address

Step 3
Since Bob is approved to spend token with `tokenId` (which was Alice's token in step1), Bob can call the `transferFrom` function and transfer just the burned token to himself from the 0 address. 

Because  `transferFrom` has no check the `from` address is no 0 address. and the only check it has is to check that `_isAuthorized` function returns `True`. Which will return `True` in this case, because approve is attached to `tokenId` not to token holder address.


## Impact
The token that Bob transferred from 0 address, will not receive Telcoins during token distribution.

But the main impact is that there are no functions for admins to take this approval from Bob on that ERC721 token.
This will allow Bob to **pass the `onlyCouncilMember`** check in the `executeTransaction.sol` contract to call functions such as `executeTransaction` or **`challengeTransaction`**.
The **`challengeTransaction`** can change `proposedTransactions[transactionId].challenged = true;`

So no one will be able to `proposeTransaction` and `executeTransaction`, because during the `challengePeriod` Bob can call **`challengeTransaction`** and "reject" the `proposeTransaction`

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L304-L311

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

But if admins would like to change the `challengePeriod` to 0, and  `proposeTransaction` and `executeTransaction` in one block, mev bot could plug their `proposeTransaction` and execute it before admins, to drain the tokens

Clean the `_tokenApproval` related to `tokenId` on every owner change of an ERC721 token.
OR add more check in `_isAuthorized` functoin
