Dazzling Plastic Barracuda

high

# too many roles suggests a potential collision issue

## Summary
The usage of onlyRole exist potential collision issue
## Vulnerability Detail

To align with the design, we have categorized roles into BUILDER_ROLE, MAINTAINER_ROLE, SUPPORT_ROLE, ADMIN_ROLE, and EXECUTOR_ROLE and have different person to work. Certain functions in StakingRewardsManager require specific roles, but when sub-functions are called in StakingRewards with the onlyOwner modifier, it may lead to collisions.

For instance, consider the recoverERC20FromStaking function. The recoverERC20FromStaking has the onlyRole(SUPPORT_ROLE) modifier, while the sub-call to staking.recoverERC20 uses onlyOwner. To prevent collisions, we require msg.sender == SUPPORT_ROLE == owner.

Another example is the topUp function. We need msg.sender == EXECUTOR_ROLE == rewardsDistribution == owner to align with the design.

To summarize:

msg.sender == SUPPORT_ROLE == EXECUTOR_ROLE == ADMIN_ROLE == BUILDER_ROLE == rewardsDistribution == owner
The current setting of only MAINTAINER_ROLE to avoid collisions with the owner deviates from the intended design. Therefore, it is necessary to adjust certain roles to adhere to the design

## Impact
high ,design collision
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/telx/core/StakingRewardsManager.sol#L254-L279

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/telx/core/StakingRewards.sol#L260

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/telx/core/StakingRewards.sol#L207-L209

msg.sender == topUp（EXECUTOR_ROLE） ==  staking.setRewardsDuration（owner） ==  staking.notifyRewardAmount（rewardsDistribution）
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Adjusting certain roles is necessary to adhere to the design and minimize role collisions. Removing intermediate functions can further reduce the likelihood of such collisions.

