Fun Saffron Bison

high

# If one contract has sufficient reward other contracts cannot receive tokens

## Summary
Within `StakingRewardsManager.sol::topUp()`, the executor admin is responsible for sending and adding rewards to staking contracts as needed. However, the current implementation may fail if one contract already possesses sufficient rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
The method adopts a Push-over-Pull transfer approach but lacks the capability for the executor to explicitly specify the `stakingReward` contracts. Instead, it relies on an array of staking contract indices, initiating a loop for staking contracts based on the provided indices. This implementation is unorthodox and suboptimal because the function fails to distinguish which contract requires a top-up. Consequently, if one contract already possesses sufficient rewards, other contracts in need of essential reward tokens may go without.

The issue leading to reversion stems from this line `staking.notifyRewardAmount(config.rewardAmount);`, where it invokes and verifies the reward rate as follows:

```solidity
// StakingRewards::notifyRewardAmount()
require(
    rewardRate <= balance / rewardsDuration,
    "Provided reward too high"
);
```

## Impact
StakingReward contracts in need of topping up will be denied the reception of necessary tokens due to the flawed implementation.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/telx/core/StakingRewardsManager.sol#L256-L258
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/telx/core/StakingRewardsManager.sol#L274
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
1) Use the Pull-Over-Push method of transferring tokens [Sample](https://fravoll.github.io/solidity-patterns/pull_over_push.html)
2) Whitelist the `stakingRewards` contract in the StakingRewardsManager and then allow the executor to send reward tokens to the whitelisted `stakingRewards` contracts.