Original Sandstone Boar

medium

# `StakingRewardsManager.sol` have `BUILDER_ROLE` operation remove staking contracts may interfere with `EXECUTOR_ROLE` operation. Causing wrong config and rewards setup


## Summary

`BUILDER_ROLE` can remove staking contracts from `stakingContracts` array.
This operation is extreme hazardous. It swap `stakingContracts` array index.

And `EXECUTOR_ROLE` operation `topUp()` use `stakingContracts` array index to setup config and rewards.

If stakingContracts array index is swapped by `BUILDER_ROLE` without `EXECUTOR_ROLE` aware of the change.
The config and rewards setup will be wrong. Causing wrong rewards amount and rewards duration for staking contracts.

## Vulnerability Detail

Look at how `BUILDER_ROLE` remove staking contracts from `stakingContracts` array.

```solidity
File: StakingRewardsManager.sol
166:     function removeStakingRewardsContract(
167:         uint256 i
168:     ) external onlyRole(BUILDER_ROLE) {//@audit M builder role can remove staking contracts during TopUp() operation causing problem for setting config
169:         StakingRewards staking = stakingContracts[i];
170: 
171:         // un-mark this staking contract as included in stakingContracts
172:         stakingExists[staking] = false;
173:         // replace the removed staking contract with the last item in the stakingContracts array
174:         stakingContracts[i] = stakingContracts[stakingContracts.length - 1];
175:         // pop the last staking contract off the array
176:         stakingContracts.pop();
177: 
178:         emit StakingRemoved(staking);
179:     }
```

It work by swapping latest staking contract in the array to the index of the staking contract to be removed.
Then remove last staking contract in the array.

This remove operation change how `stakingContracts` array index map to staking contracts.

Look at how `topUp()` function is depend on `stakingContracts` array index.
<https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/telx/core/StakingRewardsManager.sol#L251-L278>
`topUp()` use previous known array index as ID to loop through `stakingContracts` array and send rewards, updating new config.
If admin is not aware of this change while updating new config, the rewards will simply send to wrong staking contracts.
Because one staking contracts will be moved to the end of the array.

## Impact

Possible send rewards and update config to wrong staking contracts.
Possible admin send wrong staking contracts receive rewards token with no way to recover.

## Code Snippet

<https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/telx/core/StakingRewardsManager.sol#L166-L179>

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The best options is using OpenZeppelin Enumerable as mapping for `stakingContracts`.

Or use nonce as `stakingContracts` ID which is much safer, disable contracts by simply set boolean or updating config.
