Shambolic Sage Chicken

high

# Array swap and pop method during burn() leads to complete loss of user rewards and breaks mint()

## Summary
The swap and pop method during `CouncilMembers.burn()` leads to loss of user rewards from mismatching of accounting for user balances. This is because there is a fragile connection between the user's NFT `tokenId` and the tracking of their ERC20 `TELCOIN` balance rewards via the `balances` array. 

The `burn()` function also results in a broken `CouncilMembers.mint()` function because the total supply is reduced, which leads to a state where any future mint will try to create an NFT where the `tokenId` already exists, since `tokenId` is based directly on the total supply.

## Vulnerability Detail
Background: Inside `CouncilMembers.mint()`, the `balances` array length and NFT `totalSupply()` are increasing at the same rate of 1 per call, via `balances.push(0);` and `_mint()`. The `tokenId` assigned to the new member's NFT is the current `totalSupply()` before mint. 

For example, if `totalSupply()` is 3 for the NFTs, their `tokenId` is 3, and their associated ERC20 rewards must always be found at `balances[3]`. The delicate accounting falls apart during a call to `burn()`.

Exploit Example: Imagine the governor needs to call `burn()` for  `tokenId` 2 council member's NFT. There are currently 5 holders with different `TELCOIN` ERC20 reward balances (e18 values). 

Even though all rewards are distributed equally among holders every time `_retrieve()` is called, earlier holders will have accumulated more rewards if `_retrieve()` calls were made.

```js
    function burn(uint256 tokenId, address recipient) external onlyRole(GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE) {
        require(totalSupply() > 1, "CouncilMember: must maintain council");
        _retrieve();
        _withdrawAll(recipient, tokenId);
        uint256 balance = balances[balances.length - 1];
        balances[tokenId] = balance;
        balances.pop();
        _burn(tokenId);
    }
```
**`balances` array state during `burn()`:**

`[19, 17, 13, 11, 7]` = State 0: NFT holders with various TELCOIN balances associated with each of their NFT `tokenId`'s.
`[20, 18, 14, 12, 8]` = State 1: `_retrieve()` Juices up all holders balances by 1 for example.
`[20, 18, 0, 12, 8]` =  State 2: `_withdrawAll()` Sets index 2's balance to 0.
`[20, 18, 8, 12, 8]`  = State 3: `balances[tokenId] = balance;` Sets index 2's balance to 8.
`[20, 18, 8, 12]` = State 4: `balances.pop();` Removes last index and burns NFT for `tokenId` 2, reducing the `totalSupply()` from 5 to 4.

## Impact
1. Holder of `tokenId` 4 can no longer call `claim()` because it will revert with out of bounds because index 4 doesn't exist in the array. His balance moved from index 4 to index 2, and is now trapped at that location where `tokenId` 2 was burned.
2. There are now `tokenId` 0, 1, 3, 4 with a total supply of 4. This means anytime the governor calls `mint()`, it will attempt to mint an NFT for `tokenId` 4, but that `tokenId` already exists, so `mint()` will always revert and is now broken.

## Code Snippet
`mint()`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L180-#L181
`burn()`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L218-#L220
`claim()`: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L108-#L110

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider using a mapping instead of an array to track associated rewards balances for NFT holders. Requires heavy modification throughout that is not included below.

```diff
-    uint256[] public balances;
+    mapping(uint256 => uint256) // NFT tokenId --> TELCOIN rewards
```


