Bubbly Obsidian Puma

medium

# TotalSupply() used for tokenId of counsel members in CouncilMember contract.

## Summary
When removing a council member, excluding the one with the highest tokenId, using the burn function, adding new members becomes impossible due to the reliance of the mint function on totalSupply.

## Vulnerability Detail
When a council member, other than the one with the highest tokenId, is removed through the [burn function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L210), the addition of new council members becomes impossible. This is because the [mint function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L181)  in the CouncilMember contract relies on totalSupply to determine the tokenId of the new council member. Consequently, attempting to mint a new token would place it in the position of the current highest tokenId, leading to a failure in the minting process.

The situation could be addressed without requiring a contract upgrade by first removing all council members except the one with tokenId 0 and then re-adding the necessary members. However, this solution is effective only if the council member with tokenId 0 has not been removed. Consequently, the council member with tokenId 0 must never be removed; otherwise, a contract upgrade becomes inevitable.

## Impact
Fixing and upgrading the CouncilMember smart contract is required.

## Code Snippet
The following test case to be inserted in the [testing](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/test/sablier/CouncilMember.test.ts) will fail due to this reported issue:

```typescript
    describe("burn - totalSupply as tokenId", () => {
            beforeEach(async () => {
                telcoin.transfer(await stream.getAddress(), 100000);
                await expect(councilMember.mint(member.address)).to.not.reverted;
                await expect(councilMember.mint(support.address)).to.not.reverted;
                await expect(councilMember.mint(await stream.getAddress())).to.not.reverted;
            });

            describe("Success", () => {
                it("burning council member out of order and minting new one", async () => {
                    await expect(councilMember.burn(1, support.address)).emit(councilMember, "Transfer");
                    await expect(councilMember.mint(support.address)).to.not.reverted; 
                });
            });
        });
```

## Tool used
Manual Review.

## Recommendation
Revise the CouncilMember contract to eliminate the reliance on totalSupply for assigning new tokenId. Instead, consider implementing a system using a continually increasing number for this purpose.
