Expert Midnight Rat

high

# Denial of service in mint() after burning an NFT

## Summary

The `mint()` function incorrectly uses the `totalSupply()` function to set the new tokenId to be minted, which breaks the minting functionality if an NFT is burnt.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `CouncilMember` ’s `mint()` function allows creating new council member NFTs. In order to do so, the ERC721’s internal `_mint()` function is called, passing the `newMember` as the receiver address, and the `totalSupply()` as the tokenID to mint:

```tsx
// CouncilMember.sol

function mint(
        address newMember
    ) external onlyRole(GOVERNANCE_COUNCIL_ROLE) {
        if (totalSupply() != 0) {
            _retrieve();
        }

        balances.push(0);
        _mint(newMember, totalSupply());
    }
```

The problem with using the `totalSupply()` as the new token ID is that the function will no longer work if an NFT is burnt.

Consider the following scenario, where four NFTs exist (`totalSupply()` is four), with tokenIds 0, 1, 2 and 3.

- Governance decides to burn the NFT with tokenId 2. This will make `totalSupply()` decrease to 3.
- After burning, the current existing NFTs are the ones with tokenId 0, 1 and 3
- Some time after burning the NFT, a new mint is required. Because `totalSupply()` has decreased to 3, `mint()` will try to mint the NFT with tokenId 3. However, the NFT with tokenId already exists, so this function will always fail, effectively making it completely impossible to mint NFTs.

## Impact

ll the calls to the mint() function will fail after any burn() is performed. Because minting is a critical protocol function, the impact of this vulnerability is high.

## Proof of Concept

The following proof of concept illustrates the issue. In order to run it, paste the code in the `CouncilMember.test.ts` file, and execute the following command in your terminal: `npx hardhat test test/sablier/CouncilMember.test.ts --grep Vulnerability`

```tsx
it("Vulnerability: Using totalSupply() as tokenId to mint leads to DoS after any token is burnt", async () => {
      // Step 1: Burn NFT with tokenId 1
      await expect(councilMember.burn(1, support.address)).emit(councilMember, "Transfer");
      // Step 2: Confirm that totalSupply() has decreased from 3 to 2
      const totalSupplyAfterBurning = await councilMember.totalSupply()
      await expect(totalSupplyAfterBurning).to.be.eq(2);

      // Step 3: Burning the NFT has decreased totalSupply from 3 to 2. Hence, the next tokenId that will be minted
      // is the NFT with tokenId 2. Because tokenId 2 already exists, minting will always revert
      // with error ERC721InvalidSender()
      await expect(councilMember.mint(holder.address)).to.be.revertedWithCustomError(councilMember, "ERC721InvalidSender")
  });
```

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/sablier/core/CouncilMember.sol#L181

## Tool used

Manual Review, hardhat

## Recommendation

Consider rethinking the approach in which NFTs are minted/tracked. A common decision is to have an internal, increment-only variable that will never be decreased even if new NFTs are minted.
