Lucky Fossilized Chicken

high

# A malicious user can withdraw tokens mistakenly sent to contract and also set reward duration because of wrong use of "onlyOwner" modifier

## Summary
A malicious user can withdraw tokens mistakenly sent to contract and also set reward duration because of wrong use of "onlyOwner" modifier

## Vulnerability Detail
Checking the package.json of the contract, it shows that the contract uses Openzeppelin's contract version 5 upward:

  "dependencies": { "@openzeppelin/contracts": "^5.0.1", "@openzeppelin/contracts-upgradeable": "^5.0.1" }

The StakingRewards contract uses the Ownable.sol contract, consequently, which is version 5. And Ownable.sol inturn imported Context.sol. Here's the link to Ownable.sol:

https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/access/Ownable.sol

Now let's look at the key functions in Ownable.sol relevant here:

` constructor(address initialOwner) {
if (initialOwner == address(0)) {
revert OwnableInvalidOwner(address(0));
}
_transferOwnership(initialOwner);
}

modifier onlyOwner() {
    _checkOwner();
    _;
}

function owner() public view virtual returns (address) {
    return _owner;
}


function _checkOwner() internal view virtual {
    if (owner() != _msgSender()) {
        revert OwnableUnauthorizedAccount(_msgSender());
    }
}
function _transferOwnership(address newOwner) internal virtual {
address oldOwner = _owner;
_owner = newOwner;
emit OwnershipTransferred(oldOwner, newOwner);
}`

Here's the key functioon in Context.sol:

   function _msgSender() internal view virtual returns (address) { return msg.sender; }

In the StakingRewards contract, _msgSender() is passed into Ownable and initialized as the owner. However, the vulnerability is in using _msgSender(). _msgSender() is a function that only returns msg.sener. That is, the immediate caller.

What this means is that onlyOwner used in recoverERC20 function will not revert when anyone calls the function. 

Note that _msgSender() is a function in Context.sol cited above that merely returns the immediate sender of a transaction.

The above vulnerability comes from the fact that the contract uses the latest version of Openzeppeliln contracts (version 5 and above) wrongly.

Had it been that the contract uses a version lesser than 5 of Openzeppelin contracts such as v.4.9.5 or lower, this wouldn't have been a vulnerability.

Here's how Ownable.sol looks like in v.4.9.5:

` constructor() {
_transferOwnership(_msgSender());
}

function owner() public view virtual returns (address) {
return _owner;
}

function _checkOwner() internal view virtual {
require(owner() == _msgSender(), "Ownable: caller is not the owner");
}

function _transferOwnership(address newOwner) internal virtual {
address oldOwner = _owner;
_owner = newOwner;
emit OwnershipTransferred(oldOwner, newOwner);
}`

See: https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/releases/tag/v4.9.5

From the above, ownership was transferred directly to _msgSender() in the constructor of Ownable.sol. This makes the sender of the contract the owner of the contract.



## Impact
Anyone can call recoverERC20 and withdraw funds and also set reward duration

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/telx/core/StakingRewards.sol#L239-L243

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/telx/core/StakingRewards.sol#L60

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/telx/core/StakingRewards.sol#L260

The same issue also applies to setRewardsDuration function.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
msg.sender should be used instead of _msgSender().
