Docile Lemon Hedgehog

high

# Negative `challengePeriod` can be assigned in the constructor of `TelcoinDistributor` contract

Medium

## Summary
The TelcoinDistributor smart contract, as presented, contains a vulnerability in the constructor function that allows for the assignment of a negative value to the `challengePeriod` variable, which should represent a time duration. 

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `TelcoinDistributor` contract's constructor function, the `challengePeriod` variable is initialized without proper validation. This allows for the assignment of negative values to `challengePeriod`, which is intended to represent a time duration in seconds.

## Impact
Allowing the `challengePeriod` to be assigned a negative value can have a significant impact on the behavior of the `TelcoinDistributor` contract. Negative time durations can lead to unpredictable behavior and may result in incorrect challenge period calculations. This potentially will disrupt the intended operation of the contract and compromise its security.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-telcoin/blob/main/telcoin-audit/contracts/protocol/core/TelcoinDistributor.sol#L64

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability, it is recommended to add a validation check in the constructor to ensure that the `challengePeriod` is assigned a positive value. This can be done by adding the following require statement:

```diff
    constructor(
        IERC20 telcoin,
        uint256 period,
        IERC721 council
    ) Ownable(_msgSender()) {
        // verifies no zero values were used
        require(
            address(telcoin) != address(0) &&
                address(council) != address(0) &&
-               period != 0,                     // A negative value can be assigned
+               period > 0,
           "TelcoinDistributor: cannot intialize to zero"
        );
        // initialize telcoin address
        TELCOIN = telcoin;
        // Initialize challengePeriod duration
        challengePeriod = period;
        // Initialize councilNft address
        councilNft = council;

        // Emitting an event after proposing a transaction
        emit ChallengePeriodUpdated(challengePeriod);
    }
```

By implementing this change, the contract will only accept positive values for the `challengePeriod` variable, enhancing the security and reliability of the `TelcoinDistributor` contract.